[Cody GA Docs] Improvements to VS Code Cody Client docs (#58761)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/overview/install-vscode.md

- Type **Cody AI** in the search bar and click the **Install** button
- After installing, you may be prompted to reload VS Code to activate the extension

> ![install-vscode-extension](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/cody-new-ui.png)

Reviewer: this is the same image as the one below, did you mean to put the vs code marketplace image here instead?

Alternatively, you can also [download and install the extension from the VS Code Marketplace][cody-vscode-marketplace] directly.

## Connect the extension to Sourcegraph

After a successful installation, the Cody icon appears in the [Activity sidebar](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/ux-guidelines/activity-bar). Users on free Cody tier can sign in to their Sourcegraph.com accounts through GitHub, GitLab, or Google.

![cody-sign-flow](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/cody-signin-vscode.png)

> You can use Sourcegraph Enterprise with the Cody VS Code extension. Click the **Sign In to Your Enterprise Instance**, and it connects to your enterprise environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Sourcegraph Enterprise with the Cody VS Code extension. Click the **Sign In to Your Enterprise Instance**, and it connects to your enterprise environment. For Enterprise users, please sign in with your custom Sourcegraph instance URL and access token. Enterprise accounts are not compatible with community accounts.
```

- Create a new file in VS Code, for example, `code.js`
- Next, type the following algorithm function to sort an array of numbers

```js
function bubbleSort(array){
```

- As you start typing, Cody will automatically provide suggestions and context-aware completions based on your coding patterns and the code context
- These autocomplete suggestions appear as grayed text. To accept the suggestion, press the `Tab` key

<video width="1920" height="1080" loop playsinline controls style="width: 100%; height: auto; max-width: 50rem">
  <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/cody-in-action.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

## Chat

Cody chat in VS Code is available in a tab next to your code. Once connected to Sourcegraph, a **New Chat** button opens the chat window on the right. You can have multiple Cody Chats going simultaneously in separate tabs.

All previous and existing chats are stored under the chats panel on the left. You can download these to share or use later in a `.json` file, or delete them altogether.

### Enhanced Context Selector

> Cody's Enhanced Context enables Cody to leverage search and embeddings-based context. It's enabled by default, though embeddings for Enterprise users are controlled by administrators and community users will need to generate embeddings for their projects by clicking the icon next to the chat input. The icon is also where you can disable Enhanced Context if you'd like more granular control of Cody's context by tagging `@-file` or `@#-symbol` in the chat input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cody's Enhanced Context enables Cody to leverage search and embeddings-based context. Community users can generate local embeddings for their projects by clicking the icon next to the chat input. Users can also disable Enhanced Context to have more granular control of Cody's context by including `@-files` or `@#-symbols` in the chat input.

**Note: Embeddings for Enterprise users are controlled by their administrators.**
```

> ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/enhanced-context.png)

Reviewer: let's update this image to use the new enhanced context UI. Feel free to index any open source repo for it

The following tables shows what happens when Enhanced Context Selection is enabled or disabled.

> |                          | Opened Files                 | Highlighted Code            | Embeddings (If available)  | Symf (as backup)            | Graph Context (BFG)         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                          | Opened Files                 | Highlighted Code            | Embeddings (If available)  | Search (as backup)            | 
```

Reviewer: woops this is my bad Maedah, let's not advertise or mention BFG just yet. We'll add it back in once BFG is ready to go!

|--------------------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|

> | Enhanced Context Enabled  | ✅                           | ✅                          | ✅                          | ✅                          | ❌                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enhanced Context Enabled  | ✅                           | ✅                          | ✅                          | ✅                          |                   
```

> | Enhanced Context Disabled | ❌                           | ❌                          | ❌                          | ❌                          | ❌                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enhanced Context Disabled | ❌                           | ❌                          | ❌                          | ❌                          |                     
```

  <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/code-actions.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

A similar process applies to explain and edit Code Actions.

## Cody Natural Language Search

<aside class="beta">
<p>
<span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span>
Cody Natural Language Search is currently available in Beta for all users on VS Code extension.
</p>
</aside>

The **Natural Language Search** is an AI-powered code search that allows users to input a natural language search query and look for it within their project. For example, "password hashing" or "connection retries".

In the left-hand panel, type your queries in the **Search** field, and the search results are displayed. You can select one of the search results and verify that the correct file opens in a new tab.

While this feature will be available to Community and Pro users, the ability to search across your entire codebase from within the IDE is limited to Enterprise users who have purchased both our Cody and Search products.

## Enable code graph context for context-aware answers (Optional)

> After connecting Cody's extension to Sourcegraph.com, you can optionally use [Code Graph Context](./../core-concepts/code-graph.md) to improve Cody's context of existing code. Code Graph Context is only available for public repositories on Sourcegraph.com, which have embeddings.

Reviewer: where did you get this information from?

- To verify the applied changes, you can see a diff view of the fix in a new tab
- If you are not satisfied with the fix, you can **Retry** or **Undo** the changes

Here's a demo that shows how Code Actions work to fix an error:

<video width="1920" height="1080" loop playsinline controls style="width: 100%; height: auto; max-width: 50rem">
  <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/code-actions.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

A similar process applies to explain and edit Code Actions.

## Cody Natural Language Search

<aside class="beta">
<p>
<span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span>
Cody Natural Language Search is currently available in Beta for all users on VS Code extension.
</p>
</aside>

The **Natural Language Search** is an AI-powered code search that allows users to input a natural language search query and look for it within their project. For example, "password hashing" or "connection retries".

In the left-hand panel, type your queries in the **Search** field, and the search results are displayed. You can select one of the search results and verify that the correct file opens in a new tab.

> While this feature will be available to Community and Pro users, the ability to search across your entire codebase from within the IDE is limited to Enterprise users who have purchased both our Cody and Search products.

Reviewer 2: @taylorsperry just flagging this: this feature works the same for all users at the moment, and searches across your entire codebase from within the IDE — that's not Enterprise only

- Create a new file in VS Code, for example, `code.js`
- Next, type the following algorithm function to sort an array of numbers

```js
function bubbleSort(array){
```

- As you start typing, Cody will automatically provide suggestions and context-aware completions based on your coding patterns and the code context
- These autocomplete suggestions appear as grayed text. To accept the suggestion, press the `Tab` key

<video width="1920" height="1080" loop playsinline controls style="width: 100%; height: auto; max-width: 50rem">
  <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/cody-in-action.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

## Chat

Cody chat in VS Code is available in a tab next to your code. Once connected to Sourcegraph, a **New Chat** button opens the chat window on the right. You can have multiple Cody Chats going simultaneously in separate tabs. In addition, each command will also open a new chat session to keep track of your workflow.

All previous and existing chats are stored under the chats panel on the left. You can download these for later use in a `.json` file or delete them altogether.

> ### Enhanced Context Selector

Author: In my opinion, it's not a settings icon. Because typically, it's a gear "⚙️". We might confuse users since I was looking for a gear sign in the chat input window as well.

- Explain code (`explain`)
- Generate unit test (`test`)
  Find code smells (`smell`)
- Clear the Cody chat (`reset`)

Let's understand how the `/doc` command generates code documentation for a function.

<video width="1920" height="1080" loop playsinline controls style="width: 100%; height: auto; max-width: 50rem">
  <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/code-comments-cody.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

In addition, you can also select which files and symbols to add as additional context. Type `@` to include files of your choice. Currently, only local files are available for this feature to work.

The file paths are relative to your workspace, and you can start with the root folder and type out the rest of the path, for example `src/util/<YOUR-FILE>`.

### Custom Commands

In addition, to support customization and advanced use cases, you can create **Custom Commands** tailored to your requirements. Custom Commands are currently supported by Cody for the VS Code extension version 0.8 and above.

[Learn more about Custom Commands here →](./../custom-commands.md)

## Enable code graph context for context-aware answers (Optional)

> After connecting Cody's extension to Sourcegraph.com, you can optionally use [Code Graph Context](./../core-concepts/code-graph.md) to improve Cody's context of existing code. Code Graph Context is only available for public repositories on Sourcegraph.com, which have embeddings.

Reviewer 3: I don't believe "Code Graph Context" and "embeddings" are one and the same, and I'm not sure what are the different options for Enterprise vs Community users to enable "Code Graph Context" and what it supports. Please check with eng?
